---
layout: post
title: temp
published: false
categories:
---

 1. Otari mam
 2. One industrial lecture and I remmeber we used to have same when we used to be in college. Most of the time it used to be lecture as "Assignment completion" lecture or it was rather certainly a very good and we enjoyed throughly!

 We connected with those, who are like us and then we thought, ohh she is like us ,, just elder than 2-3 years and if she/he can do it, we can do as well!
 This thought triggers lot of things, student become more passionate, they become thrilled and they have some hope where they dream big!

 Well something similar I always wanted to do!
 1. There are many gaps in college curriculum and actual work you do in industry.
 2. Many things you learnt at college, but you dont see implication of those and you feel less thrilled about it and hence one end up in reading books rather than understanding them!
 3. College is the time, where you can learn, read, try out many things! When you start working, you get very less time!
 4. With lack of direction, knowledge, student end up in reading/mugging up books!

   I always thought, If i could know this in my engineering, I could have done that!

   This I could know ... always in my background process, and I used to think how can I help students!

I needed some platform! At the same time Otrai mam happened to ask me about taking these small lectures which would help students!

 I was thrielled, excited, happy and nervous!
 Was thrilled and excited that I could do what I wanted to be!Nervous as I had to face 200 of faces!

First session happened in 2014, moto was to motivate them for doing practical things rather than theoretical one!
Came to know from many people, that it helped them! They liked it, they started helping each other!

Lately in March 2015, I took session on git! Told them how it will be useful for them regular, day-today assignments,
1. We saw many videos about the same!
2. Udnerstood, they just need trigger, once they will start using, they will face problem and learn!
3. Assignments, --> For teachers as well!
4. Colloboration, projects
5. Future perspective,
   How it is been used in compnay?
6. How even if no tech stuff! Blogs, Pictures, travel!
7. Feedback | http://bit.do/git_session

* about mentoring
http://emptysqua.re/blog/mentoring/

* Evernote
refer sessions in evernote for this.






 A dream and a hope and anyone can do is thrilling and something everyone need in one's life. One small conversation, one picture, one thought, one incident or one person can make a great impact! When we ask big/ successful people there are small things which trigger them to do these things!

